📚 Add documentation (#13)
merca/pyaduro: README.md

Async Python 3 library for Aduro Stove P4

> Aduro Stove uses [Wappsto](https://wappsto.seluxit.com) to share stove data. API is documentation [Seluxit](https://documentation.wappsto.com/#/).

Reviewer: The last sentence here was abit hard to understand. Could you rewrite it?

> Communication with Aduro Stove is done via [Wappsto API](https://wappsto.seluxit.com). Documentation to the [Wappsto API](https://documentation.wappsto.com/#/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication with Aduro Stove is done via [Wappsto API](https://wappsto.seluxit.com). See the [Wappsto API documentation](https://documentation.wappsto.com/#/) for additional details.
```

> Wappsto portal can contain many devices, this API filter out Devices by Aduro, named Stove and have product `P1 [4EFA]`, since this is the only device I can verify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wappsto portal can contain many devices, this API filters out those by Aduro, named Stove and that have product `P1 [4EFA]`, since this is the only device I can verify.
```

> All device entities with their state are returned in API. Also streaming is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All device entities with their state are returned by the API. Streaming is supported.
```

> All device entities with their state are returned by the API. Streaming is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All device entities, with their state, are returned by the API. Streaming is supported.
```

Login methodes: username and password or OAuth token.

## Install

```bash
pip install pyAduro
```

## Pulling

```python

from aduro import Aduro
user_name="username"
password="password"

aduro=Aduro()
await aduro.async_login(username,password)
# since Wappsto only uses session_id in API, get it after login
session_id = aduro.session_id
# then you can store it and skip login for future connections
```

### Get stove details

> Returns object with stove details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns object with stove details.
```

```python
# session_id is optional, if you omit session_id client uses private member
# equilent for `aduro.aduro.aduro_find_stove(aduro.session_id)` and fails if login was not priorly invoked
stove = await aduro.aduro_find_stove(session_id)
```

### Get list of all entities and loop over its states

> Returns list of stove entities with all their details. `get_entity_states` retruns list of statess. Possible states for entity are `control` (desired state and can be uptated when permission == `w`) or `report` (current value for state and can not be updated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns list of stove entities with all their details. `get_entity_states` retruns list of states. Possible states for entity are `control` (desired state and can be uptated when permission == `w`) or `report` (current value for state and can not be updated).
```

> Returns list of stove entities with all their details. `get_entity_states` retruns list of states. Possible states for entity are `control` (desired state and can be uptated when permission == `w`) or `report` (current value for state and can not be updated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns list of stove entities with all their details. `get_entity_states` returns list of states. Possible states for entity are `control` (desired state and can be uptated when permission == `w`) or `report` (current value for state and can not be updated).
```

```python
entities = await aduro.get_all_entities(stove.id, session_id)
for entity in entities:
    states = await aduro.get_entity_states(entity.id, session_id)
```

### Get only entity ids

Returns list of entity ids.

```python
entity_ids = await aduro.get_entity_ids(stove_id, session_id)
# returns dict for all the entities
```

### Get only state values

> Returns list of objects that include state id, state value, timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns list of objects that include state id, state value and timestamp.
```

```python
state_values = await aduro.get_states(stove_id, session_id)
# return dict with all states
```

## Update state

> To update state (with permission `w`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update state (with permission `w`).
```

```python
bool success = await aduro.update_state(state_id, value)

```

## Streaming

> Streamin supports reading states with type "report" (that indicates current value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming supports reading states with type "report" (which indicates current value).
```
